Licensing: add info about subscriptions (#6508)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/Common/Licensing/10 How to Obtain and Validate Your License Key.md

### Obtain Your License Key

> Log in to the [DevExpress Download Manager](https://www.devexpress.com/ClientCenter/DownloadManager/). Find your **DevExtreme Subscription** license in the product list (even if you have a Universal, DXperience, or ASP.NET/Blazor subscription, the key is under the **DevExtreme Subscription** entry). Expand the product entry to access available downloads and additional information. Follow on-screen instructions to copy your key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log in to the [DevExpress Download Manager](https://www.devexpress.com/ClientCenter/DownloadManager/). Find your **DevExtreme Subscription** license in the product list. (Even if you have a Universal, DXperience, or ASP.NET/Blazor subscription, the key is under the **DevExtreme Subscription** line item.) Expand this line item to access available downloads and additional information. Follow the on-screen instructions to copy your key.
```

> 

Reviewer: Can you update the following lines below?

Line 13:  
`Below there are instructions on how to set up a license key based on whether your project is *modular* or *non-modular*.`

Please update to:

`See the instructions below for information on how to set up a license key based on whether your project is *modular* or *non-modular*.`

Lines 30, 87, 125, and all other instances of this text (using Find and Replace, if possible):
Please change to:
``If your project includes sources from `<script>` tags (which do not use bundlers), add a reference to the file that registers the license key:``
